README.md, before:

# Note Taker

## Description
This application uses an express.js backend to save and load note data from a JSON file, which allows the user to write, update and delete notes.


## User Store and Acceptance Criteria
<img width="782" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-14 at 3 03 36 PM" src="https://github.com/domconf/Note-Taker/assets/123976458/28181d5e-ab3c-4f75-af05-03e0e579c99c">

## Table of Contents
- Description
- Deployed Link
- Screenshots
- Installation
- Usage
- Author

## Deployed Link
https://note-takerv1.herokuapp.com/

## Screenshots
<img width="1470" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-14 at 2 59 15 PM" src="https://github.com/domconf/Note-Taker/assets/123976458/429f4450-ab35-4365-bc1b-cfd2b715bb2e">
<img width="1470" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-14 at 3 02 34 PM" src="https://github.com/domconf/Note-Taker/assets/123976458/e84f3825-be09-4f77-b720-b2ae542ee51a">

## Installation
- Clone code
- Run npm i in the terminal to install dependencies

## Usage
Run node server in your terminal

## Author
Dominick Confessore

Commit message:

Fixed User Story and Acceptance criteria in README

README.md, after:

# Note Taker

## Description
This application uses an express.js backend to save and load note data from a JSON file, which allows the user to write, update and delete notes.


## User Story and Acceptance Criteria
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

## Table of Contents
- Description
- Deployed Link
- Screenshots
- Installation
- Usage
- Author

## Deployed Link
https://note-takerv1.herokuapp.com/

## Screenshots
<img width="1470" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-14 at 2 59 15 PM" src="https://github.com/domconf/Note-Taker/assets/123976458/429f4450-ab35-4365-bc1b-cfd2b715bb2e">
<img width="1470" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-14 at 3 02 34 PM" src="https://github.com/domconf/Note-Taker/assets/123976458/e84f3825-be09-4f77-b720-b2ae542ee51a">

## Installation
- Clone code
- Run npm i in the terminal to install dependencies

## Usage
Run node server in your terminal

## Author
Dominick Confessore
